1. How many Programmers Don’t know PASCAL and C
2. Display the details of those who don’t know Clipper, COBOL or PASCAL.
3. Display each language name with AVG Development Cost, AVG Selling Cost and AVG Price
per Copy.
4. List the programmer names (from the programmer table) and No. Of Packages each has
developed.
5. List each PROFIT with the number of Programmers having that PROF and the number of the
packages in that PROF.
6. How many packages are developed by the most experienced programmer form BDPS.
7. How many packages were developed by the female programmers earning more than the
highest paid male programmer?
8. How much does the person who developed the highest selling package earn and what course
did HE/SHE undergo.
9. In which institute did the person who developed the costliest package study?
10. Display the names of the programmers who have not developed any packages.
11. Display the details of the software that has developed in the language which is neither the
first nor the second proficiency
12. Display the details of the software Developed by the male programmers Born before 1965
and female programmers born after 1975
13. Display the number of packages, No. of Copies Sold and sales value of each programmer
institute wise.
14. Display the details of the Software Developed by the Male Programmers Earning More than
3000/
15. Who are the Female Programmers earning more than the Highest Paid male?
16. Who are the male programmers earning below the AVG salary of Female Programmers?
17. Display the language used by each programmer to develop the Highest Selling and
Lowest-selling package.
18. Display the names of the packages, which have sold less than the AVG number of copies.
19. Which is the costliest package developed in PASCAL.
20. How many copies of the package that has the least difference between development and
selling cost were sold.
21. Which language has been used to develop the package, which has the highest sales
amount?
22. Who Developed the Package that has sold the least number of copies?
23. Display the names of the courses whose fees are within 1000 (+ or -) of the Average Fee
24. Display the name of the Institute and Course, which has below AVG course fee.
25. Which Institute conducts costliest course.
26. What is the Costliest course?
